Added static lib support for cocoapods (#968)
segmentio/analytics-ios: README.md

```ruby
pod "Analytics", "3.7.0"
```

> Note: Dynamic frameworks are the default and recommended. If you prefer static libraries add `use_modular_headers!` or `use_frameworks! :linkage => :static` in your Podfile. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Segment _strongly_ recommends that you use a dynamic framework to manage your project dependencies. If you prefer static libraries, you can add `use_modular_headers!` or `use_frameworks! :linkage => :static` in your Podfile. However, you must then _manually update_ all of your dependencies on a regular schedule.
```
